In mathematics, matrix multiplication is a binary operation that takes a pair of matrices, and produces another matrix. This term may refer to a number of different ways to multiply matrices, but most commonly refers to the matrix product.
In mathematics, a matrix (plural matrices) is a rectangular array of numbers, symbols, or expressions, arranged in rows and columns. The individual items in a matrix are called its elements or entries. 
In linear algebra, a rotation matrix is a matrix that is used to perform a rotation in Euclidean space
In mathematics, a system of linear equations (or linear system) is a collection of linear equations involving the same set of variables.
An eigenvector of a square matrix is a non-zero vector that, when multiplied by the matrix, yields a vector that differs from the original at most by a multiplicative scalar.
For example, if three-element vectors are seen as arrows in three-dimensional space, an eigenvector of a 3×3 matrix A is an arrow whose direction is either preserved or exactly reversed after multiplication by A
In mathematics, shear mapping or transvection is a particular kind of linear mapping
A vector space is a mathematical structure formed by a collection of elements called vectors, which may be added together and multiplied ("scaled") by numbers, called scalars in this context.
Matrix chain multiplication is an optimization problem that can be solved using dynamic programming. 
In linear algebra, a column vector or column matrix is an m × 1 matrix, i.e. a matrix consisting of a single column of m elements.
In mathematics, the dot product, or scalar product (or sometimes inner product in the context of Euclidean space), is an algebraic operation that takes two equal-length sequences of numbers (usually coordinate vectors) and returns a single number.
In linear algebra, the outer product typically refers to the tensor product of two vectors. The result of applying the outer product to a pair of vectors is a matrix. The name contrasts with the inner product, which takes as input a pair of vectors and produces a scalar.
In mathematics, the Kronecker product, denoted by ⊗, is an operation on two matrices of arbitrary size resulting in a block matrix
In mathematics and computer science, a higher-order function (also functional form, functional or functor) is a function that does at least one of the following
In mathematics, the tensor product, denoted by ⊗, may be applied in different contexts to vectors, matrices, tensors, vector spaces, algebras, topological vector spaces, and modules, among many other structures or objects.
