The Matrix is a 1999 American science fiction action film written and directed by Larry and Andy Wachowski. 
Science fiction film is a film genre that uses science fiction: speculative, science-based depictions of phenomena that are not necessarily accepted by mainstream science, such as extraterrestrial life forms, alien worlds, extrasensory perception, and time travel, often along with futuristic elements such as spacecraft, robots, cyborgs, interstellar space travel or other technologies.
Star Wars Episode IV: A New Hope, originally released as Star Wars,[3] is a 1977 American epic space opera film[4] written and directed by George Lucas. It is the first film released in the Star Wars saga and is the fourth installment in terms of the series' internal chronology.
Frankenstein is a 1931 horror monster film from Universal Pictures directed by James Whale and adapted from the play by Peggy Webling, which in turn is based on the novel of the same name by Mary Shelley. 
Alien is a 1979 science fiction horror film directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Skerritt, Sigourney Weaver, Veronica Cartwright, Harry Dean Stanton, John Hurt, Ian Holm and Yaphet Kotto. 
Action film is a film genre where one or more heroes is thrust into a series of challenges that require physical feats, extended fights and frenetic chases. 
The Bourne Identity is a 2002 American-German[1] action spy film loosely based on Robert Ludlum's novel of the same name
Mission: Impossible (also known in the Blu-ray release as M:I) is a 1996 American spy film directed by Brian De Palma and starring Tom Cruise, Jean Reno and Emmanuelle Béart.
The Guns of Navarone is a 1961 British-American action/adventure war film directed by J. Lee Thompson and based on Alistair MacLean's 1957 novel The Guns of Navarone about the Dodecanese Campaign of World War II.
Rambo is an action film series based on the David Morrell novel First Blood and starring Sylvester Stallone as John Rambo, a troubled Vietnam War veteran and former Green Beret who is skilled in many aspects of survival, weaponry, hand to hand combat and guerrilla warfare.
District 9 is a 2009 science fiction thriller film directed by Neill Blomkamp. It was written by Blomkamp and Terri Tatchell, and produced by Peter Jackson and Carolynne Cunningham.
